Solutions.md, before:

# Solutions
[返回](./README.md)

## All Solutions
|      | #    | 名称    | 题目     | 答题          | 题解         | 难度 |
| ---- | ---- | ------- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| √ | 33 | [search-in-rotated-sorted-array](./problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array) | [搜索旋转排序数组](./problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/solution/sou-suo-xuan-zhuan-pai-xu-shu-zu-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 41 | [first-missing-positive](./problems/first-missing-positive) | [缺失的第一个正数](./problems/first-missing-positive/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/first-missing-positive/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/first-missing-positive/solution/41-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 42 | [trapping-rain-water](./problems/trapping-rain-water) | [接雨水](./problems/trapping-rain-water/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/trapping-rain-water/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/solution/42-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 45 | [jump-game-ii](./problems/jump-game-ii) | [跳跃游戏 II](./problems/jump-game-ii/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/jump-game-ii/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/jump-game-ii/solution/45-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 55 | [jump-game](./problems/jump-game) | [跳跃游戏](./problems/jump-game/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/jump-game/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/jump-game/solution/55-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 | 
| √ | 58 | [length-of-last-word](./problems/length-of-last-word) | [最后一个单词的长度](./problems/length-of-last-word/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/length-of-last-word/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/length-of-last-word/solution/58-by-ikaruga/) | 简单 | 
| √ | 107 | [binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii](./problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii) | [二叉树的层次遍历 II](./problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/solution/107-by-ikaruga/) | 简单 |
| √ | 124 | [binary-tree-maximum-path-sum](./problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum) | [二叉树中的最大路径和](./problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum/solution/er-cha-shu-zhong-de-zui-da-lu-jing-he-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 179 | [largest-number](./problems/largest-number) | [最大数](./problems/largest-number/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/largest-number/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/largest-number/solution/179-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 189 | [rotate-array](./problems/rotate-array) | [旋转数组](./problems/rotate-array/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/rotate-array/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/rotate-array/solution/189-by-ikaruga/) | 简单 |
| √ | 198 | [house-robber](./problems/house-robber) | [打家劫舍](./problems/house-robber/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/house-robber/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/house-robber/solution/da-jia-jie-she-by-ikaruga/) | 简单 |
| √ | 213 | [house-robber-ii](./problems/house-robber-ii) | [打家劫舍 II](./problems/house-robber-ii/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/house-robber-ii/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/house-robber-ii/solution/da-jia-jie-she-ii-dai-ma-jian-ji-yi-dong-ii-by-ika/) | 中等 |
| √ | 218 | [the-skyline-problem](./problems/the-skyline-problem) | [天际线问题](./problems/the-skyline-problem/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/the-skyline-problem/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/the-skyline-problem/solution/218-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 220 | [contains-duplicate-iii](./problems/contains-duplicate-iii) | [存在重复元素 III](./problems/contains-duplicate-iii/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/contains-duplicate-iii/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/contains-duplicate-iii/solution/220-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 222 | [count-complete-tree-nodes](./problems/count-complete-tree-nodes) | [完全二叉树的节点个数](./problems/count-complete-tree-nodes/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/count-complete-tree-nodes/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/count-complete-tree-nodes/solution/222-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 227 | [basic-calculator-ii](./problems/basic-calculator-ii) | [基本计算器 II](./problems/basic-calculator-ii/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/basic-calculator-ii/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/basic-calculator-ii/solution/227-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 239 | [sliding-window-maximum](./problems/sliding-window-maximum) | [滑动窗口最大值](./problems/sliding-window-maximum/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/sliding-window-maximum/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/sliding-window-maximum/solution/239-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 283 | [move-zeroes](./problems/move-zeroes) | [移动零](./problems/move-zeroes/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/move-zeroes/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/move-zeroes/solution/283-by-ikaruga/) | 简单 |
| √ | 289 | [game-of-life](./problems/game-of-life) | [生命游戏](./problems/game-of-life/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/game-of-life/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/game-of-life/solution/289-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 303 | [range-sum-query-immutable](./problems/range-sum-query-immutable) | [区域和检索 - 数组不可变](./problems/range-sum-query-immutable/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/range-sum-query-immutable/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/range-sum-query-immutable/solution/303-by-ikaruga/) | 简单 |
| √ | 315 | [count-of-smaller-numbers-after-self](./problems/count-of-smaller-numbers-after-self) | [计算右侧小于当前元素的个数](./problems/count-of-smaller-numbers-after-self/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/count-of-smaller-numbers-after-self/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/count-of-smaller-numbers-after-self/solution/315-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 337 | [house-robber-iii](./problems/house-robber-iii) | [打家劫舍 III](./problems/house-robber-iii/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/house-robber-iii/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/house-robber-iii/solution/da-jia-jie-she-iii-dai-ma-jian-ji-yi-dong-iii-by-i/) | 中等 |
| √ | 354 | [russian-doll-envelopes](./problems/russian-doll-envelopes) | [俄罗斯套娃信封问题](./problems/russian-doll-envelopes/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/russian-doll-envelopes/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/russian-doll-envelopes/solution/354-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 410 | [split-array-largest-sum](./problems/split-array-largest-sum) | [分割数组的最大值](./problems/split-array-largest-sum/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/split-array-largest-sum/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/split-array-largest-sum/solution/410-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 450 | [delete-node-in-a-bst](./problems/delete-node-in-a-bst) | [删除二叉搜索树中的节点](./problems/delete-node-in-a-bst/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/delete-node-in-a-bst/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/delete-node-in-a-bst/solution/shan-chu-er-cha-sou-suo-shu-zhong-de-jie-dian-by-i/) | 中等 | 
| √ | 498 | [diagonal-traverse](./problems/diagonal-traverse) | [对角线遍历](./problems/diagonal-traverse/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/diagonal-traverse/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/diagonal-traverse/solution/dui-jiao-xian-bian-li-fen-xi-ti-mu-zhao-zhun-gui-l/) | 中等 | 
| √ | 704 | [binary-search](./problems/binary-search) | [二分查找](./problems/binary-search/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/binary-search/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/binary-search/solution/er-fen-cha-zhao-by-ikaruga/) | 简单 | 
| √ | 1208 | [get-equal-substrings-within-budget](./problems/get-equal-substrings-within-budget) | [尽可能使字符串相等](./problems/get-equal-substrings-within-budget/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/get-equal-substrings-within-budget/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/get-equal-substrings-within-budget/solution/5207-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 1209 | [remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string-ii](./problems/remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string-ii) | [删除字符串中的所有相邻重复项 II](./problems/remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string-ii/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string-ii/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string-ii/solution/5206-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 1248 | [count-number-of-nice-subarrays](./problems/count-number-of-nice-subarrays) | [统计「优美子数组」](./problems/count-number-of-nice-subarrays/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/count-number-of-nice-subarrays/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/count-number-of-nice-subarrays/solution/1248-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 5256 | [reconstruct-a-2-row-binary-matrix](./problems/reconstruct-a-2-row-binary-matrix) | [重构 2 行二进制矩阵](./problems/reconstruct-a-2-row-binary-matrix/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/reconstruct-a-2-row-binary-matrix/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/reconstruct-a-2-row-binary-matrix/solution/5256-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 5257 | [number-of-closed-islands](./problems/number-of-closed-islands) | [统计封闭岛屿的数目](./problems/number-of-closed-islands/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/number-of-closed-islands/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/number-of-closed-islands/solution/5257-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 5258 | [maximum-score-words-formed-by-letters](./problems/maximum-score-words-formed-by-letters) | [得分最高的单词集合](./problems/maximum-score-words-formed-by-letters/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/maximum-score-words-formed-by-letters/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/maximum-score-words-formed-by-letters/solution/5258-by-ikaruga/)  | 困难 |

Commit message:

1263.minimum-moves-to-move-a-box-to-their-target-location

Solutions.md, after:

# Solutions
[返回](./README.md)

## All Solutions
|      | #    | 名称    | 题目     | 答题          | 题解         | 难度 |
| ---- | ---- | ------- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| √ | 33 | [search-in-rotated-sorted-array](./problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array) | [搜索旋转排序数组](./problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/solution/sou-suo-xuan-zhuan-pai-xu-shu-zu-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 41 | [first-missing-positive](./problems/first-missing-positive) | [缺失的第一个正数](./problems/first-missing-positive/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/first-missing-positive/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/first-missing-positive/solution/41-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 42 | [trapping-rain-water](./problems/trapping-rain-water) | [接雨水](./problems/trapping-rain-water/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/trapping-rain-water/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/solution/42-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 45 | [jump-game-ii](./problems/jump-game-ii) | [跳跃游戏 II](./problems/jump-game-ii/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/jump-game-ii/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/jump-game-ii/solution/45-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 55 | [jump-game](./problems/jump-game) | [跳跃游戏](./problems/jump-game/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/jump-game/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/jump-game/solution/55-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 | 
| √ | 58 | [length-of-last-word](./problems/length-of-last-word) | [最后一个单词的长度](./problems/length-of-last-word/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/length-of-last-word/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/length-of-last-word/solution/58-by-ikaruga/) | 简单 | 
| √ | 107 | [binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii](./problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii) | [二叉树的层次遍历 II](./problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/solution/107-by-ikaruga/) | 简单 |
| √ | 124 | [binary-tree-maximum-path-sum](./problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum) | [二叉树中的最大路径和](./problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum/solution/er-cha-shu-zhong-de-zui-da-lu-jing-he-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 179 | [largest-number](./problems/largest-number) | [最大数](./problems/largest-number/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/largest-number/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/largest-number/solution/179-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 189 | [rotate-array](./problems/rotate-array) | [旋转数组](./problems/rotate-array/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/rotate-array/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/rotate-array/solution/189-by-ikaruga/) | 简单 |
| √ | 198 | [house-robber](./problems/house-robber) | [打家劫舍](./problems/house-robber/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/house-robber/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/house-robber/solution/da-jia-jie-she-by-ikaruga/) | 简单 |
| √ | 213 | [house-robber-ii](./problems/house-robber-ii) | [打家劫舍 II](./problems/house-robber-ii/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/house-robber-ii/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/house-robber-ii/solution/da-jia-jie-she-ii-dai-ma-jian-ji-yi-dong-ii-by-ika/) | 中等 |
| √ | 218 | [the-skyline-problem](./problems/the-skyline-problem) | [天际线问题](./problems/the-skyline-problem/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/the-skyline-problem/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/the-skyline-problem/solution/218-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 220 | [contains-duplicate-iii](./problems/contains-duplicate-iii) | [存在重复元素 III](./problems/contains-duplicate-iii/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/contains-duplicate-iii/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/contains-duplicate-iii/solution/220-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 222 | [count-complete-tree-nodes](./problems/count-complete-tree-nodes) | [完全二叉树的节点个数](./problems/count-complete-tree-nodes/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/count-complete-tree-nodes/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/count-complete-tree-nodes/solution/222-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 227 | [basic-calculator-ii](./problems/basic-calculator-ii) | [基本计算器 II](./problems/basic-calculator-ii/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/basic-calculator-ii/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/basic-calculator-ii/solution/227-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 239 | [sliding-window-maximum](./problems/sliding-window-maximum) | [滑动窗口最大值](./problems/sliding-window-maximum/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/sliding-window-maximum/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/sliding-window-maximum/solution/239-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 283 | [move-zeroes](./problems/move-zeroes) | [移动零](./problems/move-zeroes/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/move-zeroes/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/move-zeroes/solution/283-by-ikaruga/) | 简单 |
| √ | 289 | [game-of-life](./problems/game-of-life) | [生命游戏](./problems/game-of-life/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/game-of-life/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/game-of-life/solution/289-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 303 | [range-sum-query-immutable](./problems/range-sum-query-immutable) | [区域和检索 - 数组不可变](./problems/range-sum-query-immutable/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/range-sum-query-immutable/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/range-sum-query-immutable/solution/303-by-ikaruga/) | 简单 |
| √ | 315 | [count-of-smaller-numbers-after-self](./problems/count-of-smaller-numbers-after-self) | [计算右侧小于当前元素的个数](./problems/count-of-smaller-numbers-after-self/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/count-of-smaller-numbers-after-self/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/count-of-smaller-numbers-after-self/solution/315-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 337 | [house-robber-iii](./problems/house-robber-iii) | [打家劫舍 III](./problems/house-robber-iii/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/house-robber-iii/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/house-robber-iii/solution/da-jia-jie-she-iii-dai-ma-jian-ji-yi-dong-iii-by-i/) | 中等 |
| √ | 354 | [russian-doll-envelopes](./problems/russian-doll-envelopes) | [俄罗斯套娃信封问题](./problems/russian-doll-envelopes/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/russian-doll-envelopes/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/russian-doll-envelopes/solution/354-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 410 | [split-array-largest-sum](./problems/split-array-largest-sum) | [分割数组的最大值](./problems/split-array-largest-sum/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/split-array-largest-sum/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/split-array-largest-sum/solution/410-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
| √ | 450 | [delete-node-in-a-bst](./problems/delete-node-in-a-bst) | [删除二叉搜索树中的节点](./problems/delete-node-in-a-bst/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/delete-node-in-a-bst/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/delete-node-in-a-bst/solution/shan-chu-er-cha-sou-suo-shu-zhong-de-jie-dian-by-i/) | 中等 | 
| √ | 498 | [diagonal-traverse](./problems/diagonal-traverse) | [对角线遍历](./problems/diagonal-traverse/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/diagonal-traverse/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/diagonal-traverse/solution/dui-jiao-xian-bian-li-fen-xi-ti-mu-zhao-zhun-gui-l/) | 中等 | 
| √ | 704 | [binary-search](./problems/binary-search) | [二分查找](./problems/binary-search/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/binary-search/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/binary-search/solution/er-fen-cha-zhao-by-ikaruga/) | 简单 | 
| √ | 1208 | [get-equal-substrings-within-budget](./problems/get-equal-substrings-within-budget) | [尽可能使字符串相等](./problems/get-equal-substrings-within-budget/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/get-equal-substrings-within-budget/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/get-equal-substrings-within-budget/solution/5207-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 1209 | [remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string-ii](./problems/remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string-ii) | [删除字符串中的所有相邻重复项 II](./problems/remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string-ii/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string-ii/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string-ii/solution/5206-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 1248 | [count-number-of-nice-subarrays](./problems/count-number-of-nice-subarrays) | [统计「优美子数组」](./problems/count-number-of-nice-subarrays/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/count-number-of-nice-subarrays/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/count-number-of-nice-subarrays/solution/1248-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 5256 | [reconstruct-a-2-row-binary-matrix](./problems/reconstruct-a-2-row-binary-matrix) | [重构 2 行二进制矩阵](./problems/reconstruct-a-2-row-binary-matrix/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/reconstruct-a-2-row-binary-matrix/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/reconstruct-a-2-row-binary-matrix/solution/5256-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 1254 | [number-of-closed-islands](./problems/number-of-closed-islands) | [统计封闭岛屿的数目](./problems/number-of-closed-islands/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/number-of-closed-islands/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/number-of-closed-islands/solution/5257-by-ikaruga/) | 中等 |
| √ | 1255 | [maximum-score-words-formed-by-letters](./problems/maximum-score-words-formed-by-letters) | [得分最高的单词集合](./problems/maximum-score-words-formed-by-letters/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/maximum-score-words-formed-by-letters/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/maximum-score-words-formed-by-letters/solution/5258-by-ikaruga/)  | 困难 |
|   | 1263 | [minimum-moves-to-move-a-box-to-their-target-location](./problems/minimum-moves-to-move-a-box-to-their-target-location) | [推箱子](./problems/minimum-moves-to-move-a-box-to-their-target-location/README.md) | [cpp](./problems/minimum-moves-to-move-a-box-to-their-target-location/SOLUTION.cpp) | [查看](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/minimum-moves-to-move-a-box-to-their-target-location/solution/1263-by-ikaruga/) | 困难 |
